name: ltp
plugin: remote
description: Linux Test Project
description-ace.UTF-8: Proyek Uji Linux
description-ar.UTF-8: مشروع اختبار لينِكس
description-ast.UTF-8: Proyeutu Linux Test
description-bg.UTF-8: Проект за тестване на хардуер
description-bn.UTF-8: লিনাক্স পরীক্ষার প্রকল্প
description-bo.UTF-8: Linux་བརྟག་ཞིབ་ལས་གཞི
description-br.UTF-8: Raktres prouadoù evit Linux
description-bs.UTF-8: Linux test projekat
description-ca.UTF-8: Projecte de proves del Linux
description-cs.UTF-8: Projekt testování Linuxu
description-da.UTF-8: Linux-testprojektet
description-de.UTF-8: Linux-Test-Projekt
description-el.utf-8: Σχέδιο Δοκιμών Linux
description-en_AU.UTF-8: Linux Test Project
description-en_CA.UTF-8: Linux Test Project
description-en_GB.UTF-8: Linux Test Project
description-eo.UTF-8: Linuks-test-a projekto
description-es.UTF-8: Proyecto Linux Test
description-eu.UTF-8: Linuxen Proben Proiektua
description-fi.UTF-8: Linuxin testausprojekti
description-fr.UTF-8: Projet de tests Linux
description-gl.UTF-8: Proxecto de probas de Linux
description-he.UTF-8: מיזם הבדיקה של לינוקס
description-hi.UTF-8: लाइनेक्स जाँच परियोजना
description-hr.UTF-8: Linux testni projekt
description-hu.UTF-8: Linux tesztelési projekt
description-it.UTF-8: Linux Test Project
description-ja.UTF-8: Linux テストプロジェクト
description-kk.UTF-8: Linux тексеріліс жобасы
description-ko.UTF-8: 리눅스 테스트 프로젝트
description-lt.UTF-8: Linux testavimo projektas
description-lv.UTF-8: Linux testēšanas projekts
description-ms.UTF-8: Projek Ujian Linux
description-nb.UTF-8: Linux Testprosjekt.
description-ne.UTF-8: लिनक्स परीक्षण परियोजना
description-nl.UTF-8: Linux Test Project
description-oc.UTF-8: Projècte de tèsts Linux
description-pl.UTF-8: Projekt testowania systemu Linux
description-pt.UTF-8: Projecto de Testes do Linux
description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Projeto Linux Test
description-ro.UTF-8: Proiect de teste Linux
description-ru.UTF-8: Проект тестирования Linux
description-sk.UTF-8: Linuxový testovací projekt
description-sl.UTF-8: Projekt preizkusa Linuxa
description-sq.UTF-8: Testime të projektit Linux
description-sr.UTF-8: Линуксов пројекат тестирања
description-sv.UTF-8: Linux testprojekt
description-th.UTF-8: โครงการทดสอบลินุกซ์
description-tr.UTF-8: Linux Test Projesi
description-ug.UTF-8: Linux سىناق قۇرۇلۇشى
description-uk.UTF-8: Проект тестування Linux
description-vi.UTF-8: Dự án Linux Test
description-zh_CN.UTF-8: Linux 测试项目
description-zh_HK.UTF-8: Linux 測試專案
description-zh_TW.UTF-8: Linux 測試專案
requires:
 package.alias == 'linux'
 package.name == 'cvs'
 package.name == 'flex'
 package.name == 'make'
 package.name == 'autoconf'
user: root
timeout: 1200
command: ltp_suite | filter_templates --whitelist='name=syscalls'
